# v5.0.0

It's been a while since Tachyons has had a major update, but we're excited to announce it's here at last!

Tachyons v5 introduces many new classes and a powerful collection of addons to pick and choose from.

## Documentation

We've completely overhauled the Tachyons site and documentation.
It is now primarily MDX-based making it more accessible to contributors.
We've also substantially enhanced automated documentation to improve the experience.

Also, we've added search (thanks Algolia) and a filterable table of styles.

## Breaking changes

Version 5 introduces one primary breaking change, but it's a big one :grimacing:.

### New media queries

We've replaced the `-ns` breakpoint with `-s` and made all media queries `min-width` only.

#### Updating existing projects

For your project you will need to replace all `-ns` classes with `-s`.
You will also need to look for all class sets that contain `-m` without an accompanying `-l` since we've switched to only `min-width` queries.
We're hoping that this won't affect too many users, and have also run a quick usage analysis to ensure it doesn't set the world on :fire:.

#### Usage analysis

TODO

### Browser support

It's finally time to drop support for some older browsers.
We now only officially support evergreen browsers, so if you have older browser requirements we recommend sticking with v4.

## Tachyons Generator

Since its inception, Tachyons has been opinionated by design.
We've even refrained from using css custom properties in most places because we found that many users found them difficult to comprehend and is a common stumbling block.
This is something we plan on sticking with because it's important to us that all Tachyons projects work and feel similarly.

But we also recognize that power users and particular projects have special requirements.
Enter, Tachyons Generator.

The library has been around for a little while now, and has been actively worked on by community contributors over the last year or so.
Now that it's stabilized and been updated for V5 we're releasing a brand new UI and documentation/styleguide generator.

With this generator, the possibilities are endless, allowing you to customize

- breakpoints
- type scale
- spacing scale
- color palette
- line heights
- border widths/colors
- width/height scales
- tables
- measures
- opacity

While still remaining consistent with Tachyons naming conventions, thus ensuring that all Tachyons projects look and act similarly.

## What's next?

Our primary focus now will be based on documentation improvements and i18n.
